can you guys start closing the door so
my package to stop getting stolen what
your packages yeah you live in the same
yeah you didn't know that this entire
time we live together I'm here right now
at the very end of week two of the NA
LCS 2018 season with coverage brought to
you by Omni slash I'm joined right now
by notorious POB 200 IQ man himself
whatever other me me names you have I
don't know I'm tired these games go long
yeah yeah can you can you actually your
game to not go that long why was that
why does your game soba faster much
faster than everybody else's I guess is
just snowballs really hard with our pigs
versus their pigs like we had malzahar
and then we're able to just catch their
jungler get baron and then I don't know
they just kind of crumpled like I'm not
point on it was just really easy to just
bulldoze all their turrets and then they
weren't really playing together or
trying to defend really so yeah it was
pretty fast I was trying to think of a
synonym for fast for yeah pretty quick
pretty rapid pretty speedy yes well we
need to make this interview speedy
because you've got features to do but
talk to me a little bit about why you
guys lost yesterday because all this
hype around you guys and then you fall
apart well if we look at the numbers I
have 100% win rate on melzar in the
zero-percent on champions at Arndt and I
was a heart so the moral of the story is
you'll be seeing me play melzar for the
next 14 games did they ban them no I
just didn't play it why uh I'm not sure
I mean no one really bans malzahar yeah
well maybe now they will if they noticed
that your win rate is they'll be like
he's a malzahar one trick yeah it's true
I only know how to press R yeah so how
do you feel you're doing on given what
you just told me you said in an
interview with Avila on stage that you
wanted to you've been overshadowed by
previous millionaires or other mid
laners in the NA LCS and you want to you
want to come out this year and be like
hey I'm good at this game too given that
you seem to only be able to play Mouse
secretarial invitation well yeah I guess
it's kind of not too flashy to play a
champion like malzahar but I mean he's
really strong so I'll play him of course
you know I'm not like trying to go on
stage and show off and trying to win
first and foremost but I mean even on
the Azzurri game I think I had some
really good plays and I was playing well
so I'm not like yeah I think I think I'm
doing a good job so far
yeah are you surprised at all that echo
fox coming out of this weekend's the
undisputed number one not really they
have really strong individual players so
yeah I mean they started the season four
oh but it's regular season so and it's
only the first two weeks as well so well
we'll see what happens this the week's
keep going well as you say there's only
the first two weeks but are there any
surprises for you among the different
teams or at all I mean unsurprised by
echo fox but anything else that
surprised you I thought I'd see all do
you would be doing a little better but I
guess it's hard to say like like I said
it's just the first two weeks so you
know difference between a team that's
won in three and three and one it's like
two wins but if a team if people are
talking bout us are probably like feels
pretty fuckin good and then if they're
talking about someone like I know CLG
they feel like LG's not looking so hot
but really the difference is only two
wins are you guys playing in the new
training facility yet that is still it's
like almost completed
so we'll be transitioning over there
soon the Alienware training facility
hashtag a WTF for short not to be
confused with the atf which is like the
alcohol and tobacco and firearms
something yes so yeah the a WTF but yeah
i mean there they were just like putting
all the finishing touches making sure it
was really cool so we haven't moved over
to there yet okay it's not the Alienware
team liquid training facility wait Peter
just the Alienware training facility a
WTF did you guys know we lived in the
same farm in Stratton did you know that
are you serious yeah that's where I go
after scrims
oh he pleasures me know what you
remember Travis I'm not gonna say on
cameras well if I say the full address
yeah what's this why interview now you
guys are stealing my packages oh god oh
wait how do you want Peter do you want
to get dinner with me and oddly
yes sure already free real huh for real
are you dumb
Michael can he get dinner with us he
says yes okay yeah right do you want to
leave why do you have to here with ring
like an interview though what why do you
have to do this during an interview
because you'll leave and I'll never see
you again let's go it's filled I didn't
want to go to dinner with them when you
you can't go to dinner with us I told
you that before this interview I said
you could go to dinner with us it's
really camera it was supposed to be
funny like pretend that you've never
invited me and I never feel like I
should Travis is a jerk and everybody
like ha ha ha ha well I don't want
people to think thanks Travis
ok wait if we were to go to dinner
where'd you want to go let's go - I
don't know we always go to somewhere
else hotel yeah well you go to Century
City Mall I don't even know where that
is it's like ten minutes away it's got
amazing food there's a Shake Shack ok ok
cool pole belters going with us
anyway back to it back to this are you
excited about being able to train in the
training facility do you think it is
going to the 8 WTF all right do you
think it's gonna help you guys all yeah
the Alienware training facility is
really sick and yeah I mean I just can't
wait to get in there partially because
we're like screaming out of the
apartment building that I'm living in
right now so everyone's like kind of
loud sometimes and it wakes me up and
stuff like that but also because if
you're screaming shouldn't they not be
waking you out know like well like what
I'm sleeping like if people are loud
like say today asleep like midnight and
people staying up till like 1:00 a.m.
and they're loud then it can be kind of
annoying won't that same thing happen
though like how was the training
facility help you they'll still be
living in the same apartment as you and
at midnight well because that's where
all the computers aren't people would
probably stay at the facilities instead
be playing solo queue and to be rough
and rowdy especially Peters so fucking
loud yes yes that is the worst by the
way when we lived together he got me a
noise complaint because the people are
warning because the security guard came
and tried to talk to him but he was so
loud and he had his head sit on he
didn't even hear he's the worst yeah
Peter if you're watching this have you
ever have you ever been around when you
play Street Fighter because that's when
he gets the loudest oh he's pretty chill
any play street fight really used to
scream it was so bad yeah he's a he's
super silver in that game the the
ranking system in street fighters kind
of cute because it's it's like League
it's like silver one two three four five
but in Street Fighter it's like silver
super silver ultra silver Supreme
Silver's things like that
Kelby has a story about when he lived
with Peter and Chester and he brought a
date home and they were playing Street
Fighter in the room and that living room
was a very sad story for kelpy I think
either way let's uh let's wrap this up
because you've got a feature to go to
say a bunch of crazy stuff teamliquid
they're gonna go undefeated what's going
on uh haha yeah i don't notice a new
patch gonna fix all this bullshit
probably not what a point to what
happened even like they changed
aftershock okay so the most fucked up
thing about this patch right is the
summoner's fell look that that bullshit
admit is it's messing everything up
explain for those aroma so basically mid
laners will just get heal or whatever at
level one or like some people even tried
out smite i try to fight for a little
bit but it's kind of whack and then you
just reached your TP and TP back to lane
and then it's a three minute 30 cooldown
if you take the five percent mastery so
it's even lower it's like before when
you TP to tower it would be a four
minute cooldown and they remove that
because it was bullshit but now it's
like you can t be anywhere and it's a
three minute 30 cooldown you don't
really lose out anything for it so the
mid lane Meadows being totally warped
around champions that can like take this
rune and be efficient with it like let's
say rise and Zoe and then like champions
I can deal with that so rise OE malzahar
and then like Azir which is so just like
bullshit strong right now that even
though he doesn't take it he can stand
up to any of those so yeah if you look
at the stats it's like those four mid
laners have really insane pick and Bend
presence and it rushed all across the
world and then the next most is like
like Vladimir with 12% pick rate mid or
something like that it's just bad right
well you got to get to your feature
anything you want to say Riot Games if
you're listening please make a tape to
summoner spell cards to switch to TP
thanks thank you so much for the
interview
heywood thanks for watching I hope you
enjoyed the interview brought to you by
Omni slash
and me barely even knows who you are
slightly more alright well uh wait
thanks you can check out the rest of my
coverage right here on my youtube
channel